Draft 3.1.2 release blogpost (#1358)
scala/scala-lang: blog/_posts/2022-04-04-scala-3.1.2-released.md

---
layout: blog-detail
post-type: blog
by: Paweł Marks, VirtusLab
title: Scala 3.1.2 released!
---

We are happy to announce the release of Scala 3.1.2. This new release brings a few significant improvements awaited by the community.

> ## Configurable Scala output version

Reviewer: At this point the term `scala output version` might not yet be well understood as its origin is explained in the description of compiler flags. So how about renaming this section to something like `Forward compatible compilation`?

Author: Now the first paragraph explains what `configurable scala output means`. Is it better?

> First and foremost, after months of brainstorming and testing, we are bringing the possibility to configure the Scala output version to the stable release of the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First and foremost, after months of brainstorming and testing, we are bringing the possibility to produce compilation outputs in a format used by a different (older) version of the compiler.
```

---
layout: blog-detail
post-type: blog
by: Paweł Marks, VirtusLab
title: Scala 3.1.2 released!
---

We are happy to announce the release of Scala 3.1.2. This new release brings a few significant improvements awaited by the community.

## Configurable Scala output version

> First and foremost, after months of brainstorming and testing, we are bringing the possibility to configure the Scala output version. This means that compiler can now generate TASTy files and classfiles that are readable for the older minor versions of Scala. Moreover, the minimal version of the compiler that is able to read your compiled code is controlled by single setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First and foremost, after months of brainstorming and testing, we are bringing an experimental possibility to configure the Scala output version. This means that the compiler can now generate TASTy files and classfiles in a format used by an older minor version of Scala (which can currently be only 3.0.x) effectively specifying the minimal version of the compiler that is able to read your compiled code.
```

Author: Applied manually.
